name: MS-User
login id: msuser
computer name: MS-Image
login pw: M$u$3r234
root pw: ms_r00t
domain: mstst

Enabling/Disabling Automatic Login through the Command Line
$ sudo nano /etc/gdm3/daemon.conf
simply remove the # character from the "Enable automatic login" and provide the username instead of the value “user1” for the user whose automatic login you want to enable (i.e., msuser).

# add user to sudoers
login as root
    su root
add
    adduser msuser sudo
bash: adduser: command not found
	Use su -l
	
Bidirectional clipboard not working	
	You need to add extension pack
	Open https://download.virtualbox.org/virtualbox and open your Virtualbox version
	Download Oracle_VM_VirtualBox_Extension_Pack.vbox-extpack.
	Open Virtualbox VM Manager
	In File->Preferences, Select Extension
	Now add extension by browsing to download location
		This answer assumes:
		VBox extension pack is installed and current.
		VBox guest additions are installed and current.
			as root:
				Change to the directory where your CD-ROM drive is mounted and run the following command as root:
				sh ./VBoxLinuxAdditions.run

Run same vm on different host machines
There are a few things you have to consider:
No snapshots or saved states can be used, unless you keep changing the XML files manually. Not advised.
VM settings must be exactly the same. This isn't a problem for XP and Vista, as they can share the settings file, but it's a problem for the Linux host. Take very good care of it, so duplicate the MAC address of your virtual NICs too.
You can save the settings on the external drive too, but the VMs may not have the same name on the Windows and Linux Hosts if the Machine settings folder is the same. So having a VM called "Windows 7" on Windows Hosts forces you to use a different name for the Linux Host. XP and Vista can share the same name, it's all because of the settings file differences.
A solution for the latter can be that you use two different folders for the Machine settings. E.g. for Windows Hosts you use "Machines Windows" as settings folder, and for Linux you use "Machines Linux". That way, the VMs can have the same name, because they are separated in the file system hierarchy.
